Mr. Su alone
Recognized by the 33rd family of Qinzhou
Maybe soon
Can replace Qin Banwei
Become the brightest pearl of the building business
Sun Shaotai raised tens of billions of contracts
Qinzhou 33 Shijialang
Across BaiTang Chiba
It sounds really good.
But hum, can't eat it? What do you mean?
I mean your fake background is too bad.
The strength is too weak
But still want to pick you alone
The result can only be
亏亏你你敢咒我们俗家百亿订单
It was the thirty-third aristocratic family in Qinzhou who recognized my strength
Recognize the heritage of the Su family
If not
Why should they jointly place this order?
Xiao Chen
You have caused the Su family to lose tens of billions of contract projects
Are you still not relieved?
I have to step on the Su family into the dust
Are you begging under your feet?
I'll say it again.
The tens of billions project is given to your Su family by me.
It's just that Mr. Su chills my heart
I had to take it back hahahaha
Wang Yan, you drank too much at the beginning.
You'll be a kid in a while
Qingzhou 10 billion cooperation project is hand-picked by Longdian
Who do you think you are?
The one at the dragon shop?
Whether it is the Qinzhou tens of billions contract project
Or tens of billions of orders.
All won by my personal ability
It has nothing to do with you being depressed
Is Mr. Su sure?
Summer worms are not compatible with ice
Mr. Su, you don't need to tell him this.
His kind
一辈子都接触不到社会上流的商业
往来话我已经说完了
Take care of yourself